# Marine System Simulation

Data models related to the Environment. The Mobile Ship Bridge is a configurable ship’s bridge system. SIREHNA's Scientific Computing Toolbox. The Marine Systems Simulator (MSS) is a Matlab and Simulink library for marine control systems design. ShipMMG is an unofficial Python package of ship maneuvering simulation. Chrono is an open-source multi-physics simulation framework used to investigate fluid-solid interaction problems and the dynamics of large systems of rigid and/or flexible bodies. A FreeCAD workbench aiding in naval vessel design. Development of an open-source implementation of the OpenBridge Design System. Modelica library for naval architecture simulations. PathSim is a flexible block-based time-domain system simulation framework. FMI4j is a software package for dealing with Functional Mock-up Units (FMUs) on the JVM. ANTARES is an open-source, high-performance simulation platform for naval radar operations. OSP libcosim is a C/C++ library for co-simulation. OSP marine reference models. xdyn is a lightweight ship simulator modelling the dynamic behaviour of a ship at sea. DCPLib is a C++ implementation of the Distributed Co-Simulation Protocol (DCP). Mechanical documents of the sailboat - Electronic Board and 3D Parts. ShipNetSim is an open-source simulation software designed to analyze ship energy consumption and emissions in extensive maritime network. Vessel.js is a JavaScript library for conceptual ship design with an object-oriented paradigm. Imaging sonar simulation for real-time underwater applications. OceanSim: A GPU-Accelerated Underwater Robot Perception Simulation Framework. A glider flight model for Slocum ocean gliders. An implementation of a Signal K central server for boats. Stonefish - an advanced C++ simulation library designed for marine robotics. HoloOcean enables easy simulation of marine robotics and autonomy with a wide variety of sensors, agents, and features. OpenSSN is a submarine simulation. Real-time 3D submarine simulation